[C#] Add exercise User-defined Exceptions (#1617)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/exercises/concept/user-defined-exceptions/.docs/instructions.md

While working at _Instruments of Texas_, you are tasked to work on an experimental calculator written in C#. You are building a test harness to verify a number of calculator functions starting with multiplication. You will see that there is particular concern when the two operands of the multiplication are negative.

The `Calculator` class has been provided for you and should not be
modified.

## 1. Complete the definition of the user-defined exception `CalculationException`

Complete the definition of the constructor of `CalculationException` which will need to store (wrap) any exception thrown by the calculator as well as the operands that are being processed at the time the exception is thrown.

> ## 2. Implement the `Multiply()` method

Author: Done

The `Multiply()` routine should call the `Calclator.Multiply()` routine
passing in x and y integer values. If an overflow occurs then an `OverflowException` will be thrown by the `Calculator`. This exception should be caught in `Multiply` and wrapped in a `CalculationException` and the x and y values being passed around should be stored as the exception's operands. The newly created `CalculationException` object should be thrown. The test has no interest in the value returned by `Calculator.Multiply` if it is successful.

```csharp
var cth = new CalculatorTestHarness(new Calculator());
cth.Multiply(Int32.MaxValue, Int32.MaxValue);
// => throws an instance of CalculationException

var cth2 = new CalculatorTestHarness(new Calculator());

> cth2.Multiply(3, 2);

Author: Line 17 threw an exception.  Line 20 would never get executed

> cth2.Multiply(3, 2);

Reviewer: Ah sorry, missed that!

// => silently exits
```

> ## 3. Implement the `TestMultiplication()` method

Author: Done

> - `TestMultiplication()` takes two integers and calls `Multiply`.
> - If all goes well it returns "Multiply succeeded".
> - If an exception is thrown by `Nultiply` this is caught.
> - The error message returned depends on whether or not both the operands are negative. See the examples below for exact text.

Reviewer: I found it slightly hard to understand what I had to do here. Maybe something like this:

```suggestion
Implement the `CalculatorTestHarness.TestMultiplication()` method which takes two integers and calls the `CalculatorTestHarness.Multiply()` method. There are three possible return values:

- `"Multiply succeeded"`: returned if the multiplication was successful (no exception was thrown).
- `"Multiply failed for negative operands. <INNER_EXCEPTION_MESSAGE>"`: returned if a `CalculationException` was thrown by the `CalculatorTestHarness.Multiply()` method and both integers are negative (less than zero).
- `"Multiply failed for mixed or positive operands. <INNER_EXCEPTION_MESSAGE>"`: returned if a `CalculationException` was thrown by the `CalculatorTestHarness.Multiply()` method and neither of the integers are negative (less than zero). 

 The `<INNER_EXCEPTION_MESSAGE>` placeholder hould be replaced with the `CalculationException`'s inner exception's message.
```

What do you think? Another option would be to split up this task into three tasks.

```csharp
var cth = new CalculatorTestHarness(new Calculator());
cth.TestMultiplication(Int32.MaxValue, Int32.MaxValue);
// => "Multiply failed for mixed or positive operands. " + innerException.Message

cth.TestMultiplication(-2, -Int32.MaxValue);
// => "Multiply failed for negative operands. " + innerException.Message

cth.Multiply(6, 7);

> // => "Multiply succeeded"

Reviewer: Just something for consideration: instead of having three examples in this one task, you could also consider doing three tasks: one for each case.

Author: Done
